### Personal Projects

This repository contains personal projects created by Keith Wee.
**LinkedIn:** [https://www.linkedin.com/in/keithwkh/]

As Keith works towards building his career, he recognised that he lacked skills that are essential in areas he has strong interests: *investment product analyses* and *quantitative finance*. Therefore, in Summer 2020, he decided to take the initiative to learn Python. Together with his programming experience with Excel VBA and MySQL, he completed a Specialisation on Coursera: <ins>Applied Data Science with Python by University of Michigan</ins> (courtersy of his enrolled university). 

Throughout that summer, he spent time working on creating backtesting models for various technical trading strategies (ie. MA Crossovers). He also practiced training machine learning models in Python using publicly-available datasets (ie. UCI Machine Learning Repository). With the new skill he gained, he worked on his first "big" project involving Natural Language Processing and Supervised Machine Learning techniques. He built a ML model with intention to predict the general movement of a stock market reflected by an index (ie. STI) on D+1, based on news released on D. On 19th July 2020, he published his first version of this project here on GitHub. The results were better than expected. However, after gathering more data, he concluded on 16th August 2020 that using the Bag-of-words technique on articles from a single source is insufficient to predict the stock market.

During his internship in a Data Office, he learnt about the software used in areas of Data Engineering and Management. Through this, he recognised the importance to know Java as many of these applications uses it. As an aspiring Quant, it is important for him to learn how to manage and engineer raw data in order to generate useful insights from it. Therefore, he started to learn the language and syntaxes by first designing a simple Java Graphic User Interface. As a practical learner, he decided to develope a basic checklist GUI that connects to a local MySQL database to help him keep track of his pending tasks during his school-term. The first version of this is linked in this repository. 

The notebooks and scripts hosted in this repository are free for all to reference. Data that are not publicly available will not be used, and all sources of data are cited in the Jupyter notebook itself. Please feel free to contact Keith at [kwee006@e.ntu.edu.sg] if you have any comments or feedback with regards to this repository or any of his work.
